whats up youtube today I'm going to do
an unboxing of the emerson wireless
stereo speakers I got them at a local
big lots for twenty dollars it says
let's bluetooth wireless stereo
rechargeable bluetooth and says answer
calls while listening to music I don't
know if they mean you can answer your
call and hear music at the same time or
sort of says to you still brand new so
that's a little sticker right there and
let's see if i can get it off kind of
hard to do this to looking through the
camera so there we go
sticker thing Press that right there see
okay so let's see we got and so empty
box start this way well start from the
back side here is the battery and some
other little key looking thing next
right USB cable step 2 point 0 USB to it
looks like a mini USB then owners manual
and finally the unit so probably not
very heavy got one little speaker there
may be another one right there and one
for sure and one right there this side
has a power indicator i guess the volume
play mode or period of previous and
volume minus playin mode and forward and
volume plus let's have to go to
auxiliary power switch and the USB port
weather side just has some logo on it
and right here is the battery back
without the little key thing is for it
to stand this little key right here to
know what it was is a key this probably
goes in in here probably for the stand
I would guess that's how it goes or
we're stand I can't see that very good
but for a stand cuz without it and we'll
stay up I'm guessing that goes like that
and just put the battery in see if
there's any power then put the cover
back on and power
there we go call power I guess that's in
discovery mode right there thanks for
watching guys rate comment subscribe and
I have more videos coming up soon
there's a lot